Annotated Bibliography
======================

React has its own website [#f1]_ where you can learn all about how to use it and
how others have used it in the past. Right on their homepage, there are a ton of
examples on how react can be used. You can even test some of the small programs
yourself.The best part of this source is the tutorial page. The tutorial page
is a very in depth and help way to learn how to use react. It talks through the
basics, why react should be used in different situations, and where to get help
when your stuck. Finally their community page can be very helpful. They have
linked many different communities that can help with any different problem you
have like Stack Overflow for example. Overall, this was a great source to help
understand what react is and does.


Edureka [#f2]_ is a website I found that has a ton of information about
programing. They have a very long and in depth post about React that was very
helpful. This website starts off by talking through what React actually is and
where people might have encountered it. This was very helpful to better
understand the applications of React. After that the post goes through what
javascript frameworks are as well as their advantages. Then it talks about why
React is used and where you can fully learn it and similar frameworks. This site
was really helpful because it gives a very depth understanding of what React is
and why it is used in different situations.


React has many different book that help people understand much more about it.
Fullstack React [#f3]_ is just one choice from many that demonstrated a decent
knowledge of the topic. The nice thing about this book is that it starts off
talking about how you can best understand the contents of the book. These are
things like actually running the code that they show, or emailing them for help.
From their the book goes into setting up everything in your code and going into
some example code to help readers. From section to section, they cover a
specific topic and then try to demonstrate it for better understanding. Overall
this source has demonstrated that it is very helpful and very well thought
through and put together.

Ijrra [#f4]_ has an article about ReactJS when it comes to modern web
development. The neat thing about this source is that it looks at one specific
application of React. This article starts off introducing what React is and some
of its features. The nice thing that this article does, is showing off different
visuals to help people understand the information they are giving. The other
really nice thing that this article does is talk about the limitations of React.
I haven't seen many sources dive into the negatives yet so that was a very good
aspect to this article. By showing the limitations, it makes this article seem
unbiased when talking about what React can do.

In 2019 there was a conference about React that had a ton of useful information.
It is posted on youtube under the channel React Conf [#f5]_. This conference had
a lot to talk about as it was roughly 9 hours long. One of the reasons why this
is a useful and relevant source is because they tie React in with some of the
modern day applications. For example, they talk about the new design of Facebook
and how React ties into it. The other main reason why this source is so good,
beyond all the valuable information,is because of the speakers throughout the
conference. There are people from all over the board talking and giving valuable
information. People like lead software engineers, the React Native developer,
and so many more. Finally the visuals throughout the conference were amazing and
so informative.

Hi There!

Citations

.. [#f1] Facebook. (2021). “`React – A JavaScript Library for Building User Interfaces
   <https://reactjs.org/>`_”. Retrieved 2:35 PM, February 10, 2021, from
   https://reactjs.org/

.. [#f2] Chand, Swatee. (2020, April 29). “`What Is React: JavaScript Library For
   Building User Interfaces <https://www.edureka.co/blog/what-is-react/>`_”.
   Edureka. Retrieved 2:35 PM, February 10, 2021, from
   https://www.edureka.co/blog/what-is-react/

.. [#f3] Accomazzo, Anthony, et al. Fullstack React: the Complete Guide to
   ReactJS and Friends. Fullstack.io, 2017. Retrieved 2:35 PM, February 10, 2021,
   from https://github.com/leminhson2398/books/blob/master/fullstack-react-book-r36.pdf

.. [#f4] Aggarwal, Sanchit. (2018, March). “`Modern Web-Development Using ReactJS
   <http://ijrra.net/Vol5issue1/IJRRA-05-01-27.pdf>`_”.
   Ijrra. Retrieved 2:35 PM, February 10, 2021, from http://ijrra.net/Vol5issue1/IJRRA-05-01-27.pdf

.. [#f5] React Conf. (2019, October 15). "`React Conf 2019 Day 1
   <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxoX2faIgDQ>`_". Retrieved 2:35 PM, February
   10, 2021, from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxoX2faIgDQ
